The Joe Rogan experience. Here we go. B B can.
We go scrap Jesus, be a wild fight, man.
Some wild. Oh,
They went to put his gloves up and said, no.
Brian's not familiar with. I think your boy is going, gonna roll through.
Them. Huh? No, no, no, no. You want to bet on this. You.
How much you wanna bet. I didn't want to do Felder because.
Because Felder is a very scrappy.
Theater major has to be real.
And he's a theater major. He kind of go with a theater manager.
He's traumatic and he's. There we go. Now, Brian, Brian, gimme, gimme your,
uh, assessment. Who's gonna win this fight. You elder. Uh,
I'm going to just go with Felder because he always, always is in the fight.
And he's always this.
You don't know who is. Let's just be honest with you, Brendan. Sean,
what do you got? Uh, I'll take via decision classic fights.
Planning, decision hookers. Already show it. Thrown that low calf kick.
He likes that as much as anybody. He's a giant fan of that low calf kick.
Yeah, we go. Interesting. Interesting set up.
Oh no, no. You know what it is? His low,
his calf has already up. He's hit like four or five low calf kicks. has.
Four already. Yeah. Oh, he threw a bunch of them really.
Right off. If they're, if they're fighting like this, ain't going to decision.
These boys are yeah. Cocked up. Ochre.
Is the master that little content. Do you mean?
You know what? I exactly. I know what.
It means right? Night out. Boys' night out college in New Zealand. Yeah.
College straight around tonight. Oh, there.
He is. Another one. Yeah. Those low calf kicks are so gross.
They suck up and kick you there. You want to feel it.
You could see him setting it up. He keeps hitting it too.
He hit it again and Felder's not even checking.
It out. I'm just trying to get the timing down and he's just not there yet. The.
Problem is, even though you look normal, your leg is,
[inaudible].
Not Felder. You hop on with that.
Left hook. I don't sleep on Felder. Feld as a tank. Yeah. No.
The thing about tout Felder, he's really big for that division. He was sick.
I was walking around 190 pounds. Yep. And guess what? It drops down to 55.
He just let.
I think that's what I felt that last cause he's running ranked one, uh,
ahead of. Oh six and seven.
Well, it's probably like a psychological thing. Oh, you checked that one.
Then give him a little jacket, little ties to them. Touching the face.
Not a big deal. He's been there before. When you look at Hooker's body,
it's so weird. He's got like big shoulders and big biceps.
It's almost like they're they're Tommy Hearns kind of stuff.
It's like they're from a guy whose body is big
hookers. The hands are down. That's what I'm telling you. It is.
But with Felder keeps targeting that left hook.
That left hook was just a hair off. Then.
Felder beat Barboza got stopped by Barboza. I hate MMA math,
but there's something to that. And that was felled. Oppressing them. Yeah.
You got, you got shop all over hookers.
And fight. When you got shot, like Phil, you got a 260 pound man on your Dick.
I like don't you the twist? I like Felder. hate how you get on the hook.
You been on the train one, dude. I love Kiwis.
You do. Why don't you marry them?
I love burning Brendon. I love burning him.
I don't think he burned them. I don't know, dude. I'm pretty good at burns.
Oh wait. Curious. So aggressive with that low calf kid. It's crazy.
That will chop a tree down guys. What I call it? I call it the tree
[inaudible].
Hooks. There is trouble.
Man. Landed too really hard. It's this round. Yeah.
Could be in a little bit trouble, man. Well,
the fact that Hooker's been stopped by Barboza and got beaten down in that fight
and eventually he just crumbled as amazing to you.
Felder knows that.
And Felder knows that he went toe to toe at Barboza and he's got that in the
back of his head. [inaudible] you. Well, Felder's one.
Five in a row. Yeah, Elvis. Right? Five in a row.
He's Felder's smart.
And he's been training with duke roofers is arguably top two or three best
striking coaches on planet earth. Two groups.
This is a machine. Yep. Oh switching. Oh.
Kick. Oh, them up. Oh man.
Nobody's Felder just seems a lot more.
She's strong as, bro.
He's a big fella when he's walking around in between fights.
Like how the do you ever make 1 55?
Very interesting. 180. I think 180 Dan. Dan.
Ogres just got it. Crazy biceps,
like biceps and shoulders that don't belong on his body.
And he's probably strong that he's probably shim strong.
Well Chimp's strong and ridiculous power.
Yeah. Yeah. Separate boys.
Got that calf kick out and look though, dude. Yeah, it's there. It's there.
And it's um, I'm a, I'm a.
If you're a fan should be worried. Well.
If you're a, you got to watch out for the hook.
I'm telling you the fact that Felder knows that Barboza
stopped, felt that Barboza stopped,
but that Felder beat Barboza in the rematch. And he went toe to toe with them.
The first fight as well. But by the way, by the way.
Felder likes a
[inaudible]. He likes to give in. He likes to get into it and he's.
Getting after him now, man, he's really pressing this fight. Oh.
Oh, okay. Oh. What around? I give that round the Felder. Her. So.
Yeah. I give that round the Felder.
I mean Gresser big moments of, for Dan with a low kicks,
especially the low calf cake, but that's not enough.
Do they get pressed the fight?
Felder control the center of the octagon more often. Do you get the score score.
As much? Not enough. Not enough.
Problem is definitely lost. Even though it's in New Zealand,
weed fellers going forward, fellow stolen more hands. They count really kicks.
I can't. I can't the. I can't drive by,
but I tried that I had to have rented pop me up. Give it a shot. No I can't.
I gotta put my kid to bed. Oh,
she got a swollen eye. Felder's right. Eyes swollen.
What happened? I don't know the Jack. He did drop the out of him. I know.
But that's quick to have it swell up. Boom. Ooh. That low kick. That's what?
It was terrible then. Boop. There's the jab.
Low kick. Jabie God whoop.
Hooker's so long.
He's so long. Boom. There's that left hook
almost messed it down.
Oh, well.
Real bad. That wa that right eye looks like it's closed. God felt her,
such a dog. He's such a dog, but that is not good at all.
That's a giant distraction. That right. Eyes closed.
Up. It's it's only the second round. Yep.
And it's a five round fight. Let's see it. Felder winds up.
But here's the thing about those kinds of swollen eyes.
If they have a good corner, man, they always do. And they have end swell.
They can push that aside. They can move it a little bit. Yeah. Let's just,
if it opens up is when you want to try it. Right.
Let's see what Felder can do in this round. Boy. There's really.
No speed advantage. They're both pretty dialed.
In. I'd say focus faster. I don't know about that.
I think you're just.
Texting this entire second has just.
Jumped up a really well-matched fight. Really? Well-matched six or seven,
especially when Felder understands how significant that is as, as does hook.
The winner of this gets a huge fight against the big name.
Yeah. Well gauge he's waiting in the wings, right? Nobody wants to with him.
And he's the scariest.
Guy in the division of Dana gates. You turn out a bunch of fights. Yeah.
Gage years that alley, you know, it might be Ali. It's the combination of both.
Yeah. Was gauging, waiting for Bali. He wants Tony. He like, he wants,
he wants the title. Well it's.
Nobody's calling. Nobody calls.
Out. No nobody's calling out to no one ever has.
So buddy, [inaudible].
Finding him because he, you know.
When is that? When is that could be a fight calling out,
told him I get per capita.
In the lightweight division called out Tony. Nobody.
No one's gotten up. No, one's got the mic. I like Tony.
[inaudible] Tony. Where are you at? No, no. Dave, just pretend he doesn't exist.
They just jumped over him.
It's April 18th. Brian man,
hits that leg and then just bounce. Boom. He's throwing that load.
Calf kicks so much. Oh, look at this. The show list.
Though. You didn't jump on them.
Ooh, kangaroos though, is going to be hard. Oh.
Duties.
All he needs is that right hook in that right leg in and that he's got the
seatbelt and you know what? He could pull him back into the truck.
If he knew that guy a lot of time,
if he took his right ankle and went behind filter's left ankle would collapse
him. But you have to be really confident with your truck.
And strong as, man, this is hard. We can fill this leg dude.
Cookers.
Right foot. That's the one that's based. The left one is around his right knee.
Right? If that right foot hooks Felder's left ankle dude.
And they collapse. That'll collapse.
Him. Isn't that? What a Cron did to his crown.
But with the truck game, if you're, if you're not, you're not going to do it.
You're not going to feel, it feels awkward. I saw him, man.
He's got it right here. And he could just go from the truck to the back anyways.
He could use a man that right. Here's the thing he's winning around doing this.
Yeah. Just hanging [inaudible].
Well.
It. That was just a moment. And there's no damage done.
I don't know if that last closing. It depends on how this last two minutes go.
You know, judges are man. Yeah. Especially. Okay.
Hit that low kick again. He's able to get that without getting punched. Well,
he's throwing it so sweet. [inaudible].
I don't.
Even have a double when he does that, just dive into a double.
Just hit him with a nice left hook.
And it felt just not seeing it very well because of that left side body shot
because his right eye so swollen, that,
that left side of is a dangerous weapon. Brian.
If you're watching this fight was still on, like usually watch your fights.
What's that sound like just alone.
Ask you questions. No, they all get
[inaudible]. I used to have sugar right there too. So to the left and the left
Kelvin.
Dan with that one low kick that one little kick it.
He just threw Dan hunter did not like it. He did.
Not. Oh, Darlene. Now don't kid yourself.
Felder's face.
Yeah. This is the real issue. Is that one eye?
That right eye it's really swollen. It's no thing helped me. No,
nothing's helping, but his nose is a mess. Anyway,
his nose is a mess coming into this fight. He's not worried about that. Oh,
I'll just get some nasty meats, man. Dan Hooker's.
Oh, we went for the spins. Oh, he clipped him.
Well, a little bit of a stumble of legs together too, but.
He shot. Tell her such a fun.
Look that spinning back fist he did. This is what the cut.
We want to hit him with the elbow that spin. He wobbled. Oh,
oh
[inaudible]. We got three more rounds. Guys are so good, man. We
got 30 seconds, man. I feel like it's rough house Saturday. Huh?
Such a good fight. It's so evenly matched. So back and forth.
Dan is so good.
And so is Felder and Feld is such a aggressive second round to Felder.
No, got to do it.
Choices. And he said one choice. And he said, no,
why are you asking the question? There was only two answers.
What do you to give it to you? It's closed. It's.
Closed because the first half had the position on the back control.
That spinning elbow in the punches by Felder. And the fact that chase him down,
I give it to Felder in that situation because of damage. I got to see this,
like the fact that had his back, but he really didn't do any damage.
He held a position for, you know, a good 30 seconds or so,
but maybe longer. Right?
But the reality is when it comes to actual damage and big shots landed.
Foot next to Felder and then also.
Felder to nothing.
You have a two and fellow man I'd have to look at it like a problem is when your
face is beat up the judges, Hey man, we're in New Zealand.
These judges might never give it to felt, Hey, they can't.
Be any worse than New York or wherever the scored Houston.
Do. There's going to be some out there as I hate fight companion Ali.
Let me talk about his hookers. Um, that was not good, huh? No,
I'm sorry.
Sometimes
[inaudible] sometimes you miss you guys keep saying,
Felder.
Is pushing the pace on, which is very rare.
He's going after, but not, not tactically.
Like Barboza but like super aggressively,
like in your nice jab and he's catching a man. Oh man,
this is a real fight. This is a real fight. Real dangerous fight.
Felder's mind is so strong.
One of the things about him that's so interesting is he's such a smart
articulate guys, a great commentator. But behind that,
this had Inferno, you know, there's something going on inside the guy's head.
Yup. Whatever's going on in his head. It's dark. Nice uppercut. There.
He clipped with that upper cut up. Now hook is trying to get it back.
Seemed to get like ramping up. He's trying to get back that upper cut.
Ooh. That left is dangerous and hookers not picking his right hand up.
His hands are super low. A lot of the time, a lot of the times,
those long arms he's does. He's being a pest it's volume. But,
but well, so he's trying to set stuff up and so his Felder,
but neither.
God that you felt her lands. It really,
it's not doing much damage on Hooker's face, but man, when he lands,
he's making him pay, dude.
Felder's doing more damage in this round a hundred percent. Oh, look at this.
He's also throwing for the bleachers, trying to knock his face.
I was trying to knock his face off. Anytime. makes a mistake.
If leaves himself in the pocket and he knows Felder's coming back with missiles,
that jab is so nice to let.
That left hook. Now this one's over. Ooh, good. Right-hand by Felder.
It was a good exchange for to, oh, it's.
Not bad that he learns at a right-hand that exchange.
Just doesn't have that power. Does he have.
The same power as he's waiting to set.
It up? The problem is his power is being stifled by the fact that Felder is so
aggressive and threatening.
He makes you think he looks like he's taking less damage. A looks at us,
you know? Wow. Which.
Is weird though, because filled him.
I just have a lot of scar tissue in his face,
but Felder's Lin in the bigger shot.
The power shot. It's got better skin. Sometimes it's one or two shots.
One or two shots can be weird. Your nose or weird do your eye.
And it doesn't necessarily have to be the hardest. It just hits you. Perfect.
Now let's be honest to fellows, hookers catching them. Ooh.
That's a nice left by felt. Ooh, look at that. There's.
Changing. It looks super. Even to me,
it looks like the left-hand by.
Beautiful. Left-hand by, that one went straight down the pipe.
They're about to start swinging him. God, this is a crazy fight.
Oh. Let him up coming in game that too. Well,
I think also Felder's having a hard time too. He.
Can't see out of that. Right? I kids there's a lot of blood on fillers. Yeah.
Oh that nice job. I hook her. Look at that. I just see a red mess. Oh see it.
And he pulled back out of that kick.
Oh he's lightened that nose up hookers. Got that job time to him. Yeah.
Sheldon loves this bad when he's bloody and.
Like this, he loves it. Ooh, nice. Boom.
Right here by folder. Oh my goodness. But.
Two pieces by hook and then he's out. Oh.
Felder caught him a little bit with that left hand there as he was charging in,
this is wild. This is a high stakes game here kids.
Because you wanted this one was going to be good. Yeah. How happy.
Are you that that's five rounds.
Yeah. Yes, exactly. Two more rounds. This oh.
That's got to hurt.
See whoever wins these next 40 seconds can steal this round hundred percent.
Oh by. And then he got out.
Who's got the clean left-hand well that reach advantage comes to the whole right.
Hand. See what happens. What's here though. You haven't so far.
Has this round. Yeah. I w I would agree. Hooker's face looks fine.
Filters should for take down.
Hmm. Interesting. But flicker turns them around. Yep.
crushed thunder. Yeah. Showing the strength,
showing his physical strength too.
So you'd probably have it. You know,
I drink a lot of whiskey and I've talked a lot of to bride.
I'd probably say 2, 1, 2, 1. Yeah. Filters going into it.
I would say this round is pretty clean. You got felt. Yeah.
I felt her up to one real one. This round we lost the first two.
I don't know about that. I'll do where all.
I love Felder bleed. Everywhere.
Loses power. Oh, two to one to to one to one. I can see that too,
oh, I can see that too. It could be.
Two. And who knows how they scored that one round where had his back. Good.
Honest, Jen. They're in New Zealand and they're in New Zealand. I said,
not in Houston. Sorry, Houston.
Except for that one. Raff sucking Dick did. He should shut down his Mmh.
Jonathan Martinez. Uh, Andre, you will fight.
That was the worst robbery of the night. It was on fight pass.
We were a hundred percent convinced. Martinez won the fight.
He dominated the second and third rounds. You will probably broke his arm.
So he had something real wrong with his arm, his right hand.
And afterwards they gave it to you all.
And I looked over at Dominick Cruz and his jaw dropped. He went like when,
when they jumped to like what.
Dude [inaudible] party.
So when they, when they, I'm not sure it must be someone.
Who's working in boxing.
When you turn around and box in the first round they do.
I thought when you turn the first round, you give it to somebody.
That's I think that's how they, they don't do that. Same commission.
55. Holy. These guys arms are jacked.
They're not really 55. Felder's 190 pounds. And so, hookers,
huge used to fight 45, which is that's crazy.
Oh, Felder
snapped his head back.
[inaudible] wow. Jesus Christ. This is sick. Oh my goodness. Come on. Come on.
What the? The right hand. Paul's up. Oh my
God. What a Felder's just so undeniably sound.
He's so game he's [inaudible] he's all in.
He's off to take over a little bit, Dan.
He is well, he's risking it. He's doing what you gotta do. You gotta do it.
He's throwing himself into the fire. Oh geez.
I'm Felder.
I like the exchange. Let's play the game. Let's see who.
Goes forcing himself. He stumbled.
On himself on, which you could have a couple of gyms. Jesus Christ.
Now Hooker's starting to show it felt her shut Felder's oh,
but those low kicks by money in the bank. I like it.
[inaudible] Come home. Boy. Oh boy. I love you.
Stands cone to staying calm Felder, staying calm, keeping that pressure.
You see.
Looking at him. Oh, look at this.
For the take down attempt. No, not Felder, not with Felder.
Did he wrestle? You're wrestling? There's no good here.
I don't think either one of them are, have wrestling. No.
Others is such an athlete, man. He's just his strike while he stays.
He's also very intelligent.
He does what it has to do to be P what he has to do to be prepared.
He's not going to go into a fight with holes in his game. You know,
there's guys that go into a fight, hoping they don't get taken down.
Felder's knocked that guy. He just seems like he, yeah, he's the,
I worked on what he's bad at every day in practice. And he's turning around.
Break. He's a sober fella, you know? Oh, look at it. That's Felder.
Fought a high level wrestler that kept taking him down.
That he couldn't stop the take downs.
That's a good question. Oh, look at this. Hooker's got his back now.
He's all right. It's control.
He's fine. Let him, it all depends. It all depends on how good is it?
You get to work in that hand.
This is a great,
if this was a Khabib could be every Khabib's fans would be happy as. Yeah.
He's going to go down. He's gonna ride. This is a. He got him on the fence.
He's going to drag them down and watch he does this every time.
But it felt like I can't, I don't stay here.
For too long just for judge's perceptions. Okay. Now he's turned it.
Around and nobody's got careful. Here we go.
We're in New Zealand.
Yeah. But in a position like that against the fence around,
if the ref broke them up, broke them up and brought them back to the center.
Nobody would give a. But if it was copied,
they would never do that. Right. They would never do that.
Like they would never take a beam off the fence.
[Inaudible] break up fights on the fence on,
I hate when they break them up on the ground.
And I know people disagree with them. They think it'll make the fight boring.
I say.
Taylor hookers, punch, punch.
Put them down. Could take it. And,
but he's also realizing he's in New Zealand and he's now
emotional because Felder's putting the heat on him.
Fella's putting that aggressive heat on them. You know this isn't just like,
he's catching him with. He's pressing him. And he's getting in his face.
Yeah. And he's making it real. Oh geez. Dan, he's making it real dangerous.
He hasn't lost a stitch of speed in the third round. Well, he's again,
he's a guy. That's not going to come into a fight. Unprepared. Right-hand
[inaudible] boxing. Jab I've ever seen hook it on one.
None of it hook and wants to go to the ground. I started taking them down.
This is not good. Now it's not good. Oh, big elbow.
This is a big round for Paul Felder. Big he's in the championship rounds here.
By the way. Oh,
elbow off the break elbow in the clinch by felon again
again.
If that was Khabib, he'd be winning right here. Right?
Much that round. No, no, no, no. In this break, in this break, I would like to.
Say hunches Felder is so far ahead in this round.
Literally is landed. Nothing in this round that made you go.
Ah, I wonder, I wonder the percentage of.
Uh, rounds, the like, uh,
the guy in the position that hookers in would win. Even if he got tattooed,
a couple of times now pushed him against the fence. It's not like this round.
He's not.
Doing Jack. He's just holding on. There's no way.
I agree with you. And I understand what you're saying,
but what I'm saying is don't you think there's judges out there that would give
it to the guy that's, you know, it has the control against the.
Fence. I've done tough that round. Maybe the.
Guy in Houston that gave all four rounds of dominant or to John Jones over
Dominic Jones,
winning that fight or res I watched it five times and I
watched it two times the next day.
And then I watched it three more times since the third round is the only
confusing round. It's a little dicey.
I would say the third round is hard because John is pressing the action.
I don't think Dom. I don't think nobody got right.
I hate when people.
Look at pause and I also feel like John won,
just dominated the championship rounds. That's got to count for something.
I agree with you. 100%. It's got to count for something. Okay.
So let's set the record.
Straight. Okay. Check this out. This exact same round. You,
you, for sure. You thought Felder land way more punches than. Right?
But then towards the.
End had him against the fence. I mean, you control anything.
So you just controlled them. You just held her, wins.
That round a hundred percent. Everybody wins that round. It's on their side.
Right? Okay. That's clear. Yeah. Okay. That's.
All I want to skip you to, to going into this fifth. Now,
when you look at the numbers too, so some people may gave the first,
second round to,
then you give that third round a and this could be it fourth and second.
Again, you got to deal with fuckery. And here's the thing about bad judging.
I mean, this is just an idea, but it is possible.
The bad judging leads to other people going well,
we can't be as bad as the people in Houston. Yeah, you're right.
There's like the standard low. Oh, you're crazy.
If you don't think one of these cues are going to give four rounds to one,
no matter what happens. Yeah. If.
You could put it against a guy against the fence and hold them,
like he did them. Does that count.
For anything? Yeah. It's like, what is it called? Control. What's the most
it's control. It's not.
Everything, but it's something gets more important.
[inaudible].
Actual damages.
Yeah. Okay. But let's say there was no damage at all.
And one guy ended up holding the other guy against that guy. When I went,
that guy wins because he proved that he's controlling.
The aggressive move. Even though there was no punches,
I don't want to start adding punches.
And strikes significant strikes. Then it kind of changes it. Right. Okay.
I mean, again, we're going back to this one theme. We keep repeating,
but I think it needs repeating. We need a better,
more comprehensive scoring system.
Man. I'm just getting, why is no one do anything.
Joe, at all we, before of us, the three of us, we talked about all the time.
No one ever does anything. We wouldn't be able to do anything.
I was saying it's end of the sport. If we don't do it.
Let's talk about it. After the end of this.
Cause this it's only 15 more minutes. It's crazy. And this is wild.
She's got that long jab. And he's still doing that.
Oh. I fell Felder. [inaudible].
This is a, this is a travesty. It's a Travis cheddar together. See,
that would be a robbery robbery. Cause Felder's pushing the fight.
[Inaudible] don't.
Let him do it. Now. It doesn't take time. It's got control.
But Feld has got to get out of this.
See the reason why is doing this is because the other is not working.
And he's losing that standup games game and fell his going to get free.
And when Feld it gets free, he's going to land an elbow on the bread question.
The question.
Is, at what point does what hookers do it at this point right here,
uh, um, he's got to do damage over shadow the damage he took off.
Early in the road. He didn't do that. [inaudible] landed some, man.
We're exactly halfway. So this is where it gets interesting hookers Landon.
Now though, but.
Definitely landed. A couple of good jabs did.
Oh, nice job by fellow jokers got up. Ah.
Oh my goodness. This is crazy. Oh my God. Crazy.
This is so evenly matched. How much now? Such a good.
Stylist matchup like look.
At the shoulders on. They don't even malaria. They belong in his body.
Now Dilulio belong on 170 pounds. Tommy Hearns body. He's got that long.
Real similar, real similar. Yup. I'm trying not to focus on his lats.
He's got, he's got a.
Skinny, skinny legs, no and just all took a human major around.
So I don't have to look at them. He's lats.
Shoulders and biceps. We are the size of his shoulders and his biceps are giant.
I think it's a crazy,
but that's a really great body for fighting because I remember Roy Jones Jr.
His biceps. Crazy, no triceps at all. Just all biceps.
He would throw lead, left hooks instead of a jab. Oh,
I'll tell you what your boy Hooker's getting tired. Well,
so it's Felder for sure. Oh, pop that jab. Whoo.
It fell to returns with one of his own. Oh my goodness. This is amazing.
What a fight. This is holy. What a fight. Oh. I felt this jab is fantastic.
This is so much more fun than doing. Oh my God. I bet. Oh,
it's not even close.
[inaudible].
Look at.
This. Try it again for the take down
[inaudible].
Oh no. Got to make a difference in New Zealand. New Zealand.
Too. Oh, there's gotta get up. He's gotta get.
Out. If he wins. If he finishes the rowdy nine seconds,
he went to give him the rent. He got the take down. And
how did he give it to the guy at the bottom?
Cause he's the guy that bought him the out of him. And he's not doing any.
Well, not this fifth round, but fella wasn't beating the sham. The fifth round.
He took them down.
Won this round. Well did because.
The take down the only difference the judges will, for sure.
You telling me that take down. It's not going to make a difference.
[inaudible].
If you would have ended in the Mt. Dude, that would be a big thing about.
The judges. This is the only snippet thing that happens around. So he gets it.
I know it sucks.
Bothers me, man. You got to give this to Felder. No, not this round. No,
no. It's a close fight, man. You don't give it to the guy.
Give it to the guy. Come by. Not to get
[inaudible].
The previous four. So you got to get at least one to two.
It's going to be close, man. I'm telling real close. We.
Fight.
By like pride rules. By the end of the fight. Don't put your hand in the fight.
I'll wear Crocs right now. And you had.
To pick, it was still working. But no, no, it was so close. It was so tight.
It could've gone either way. The fight look.
A guy's taken another guy down. That's gotta mean the most right there.
That was definitely.
A lot. How the end of the fight look exactly. I know you guys think
[inaudible] over each other. Don't talk over each other. You don't.
Upstage it. Cause you, you said that's like in the John Jones fight,
like the fourth and fifth round mean more towards the end.
Cause that means in the fifth round is just as important as the first round.
No, that's not the sport. Listen, listen to that. But that's the nature of
each other. There's.
Other philosophies though, because the way I looked at the way I look at it. If,
if that first round was so significant, like you, you hurt him so bad.
If it was so significant,
how come you're getting your kicked in the fifth round?
Who knows happens in the fight. Wasn't that significant to the sport?
Wasn't that significant, right? No, but that was so wrong.
The Japanese, the Japanese stick the same way. So here's the thing,
guys.
Scott, please calm down guys. Everybody calm down right now.
So your, both you.
Did you just cut the cheese? I'm the outfit. Hey.
Eddie. I see what you're saying. How towards the end,
when they're both tired of there, the rounds were significant.
It's just not a sport. Significant hesitations are sports as an advantage.
Except for, except for leg strikes.
My bet is Dan hunter gets.
A decision. You're Dan. He gets the decision.
He gets a significant $3,000 to take there at the end.
[inaudible] I didn't back you on this one. You're on your own.
[inaudible] on television. There's winning and missing the pocket.
That's your punishment.
For still being on television. When you know it's over. Sounds like babies.
Dying. I know it does come up. You got to give this to Felder.
Give us some volume Felder. Oh no.
Hold on. Here. It goes.
[Inaudible].
That's how close it was. Oh.
No, no, no, no. Don't be like, Hey, give me my money,
Brian. You can't say that's a robbery. That's not a robbery, bro. First.
Of all, two things, one,
you weren't scoring the fight to braid funding.
That's a great landing.
Way. Well,
if in the fourth and the fourth round take for sure could have gone either way,
but I got surprised that won.
[inaudible].
Close fight. That's such a close fight. They're both great.
I, I I'd have to rewatch it, but I would've probably gave it to Paul Felder.
But I did think the judges were going to give it to just to be straight on it,
to give it to.
The guy who's looking the best at the end. Here's the thing. We weren't.
[Inaudible] themselves at the end and steal the fight. I didn't make that up.
[inaudible].
Okay. But the problem is everyone knows when they're going into a fight,
did their offering say here, give me some volume, Jamie,
it was close, but he got.
He busted me up. Pretty good. That might be it for me.
Good for him. He said, wow.
I love it. I love it. Yeah. Go be one of the best commentators all the time.
It was an awesome commentator. He's a smart guy. I love that guy.
He's a smart guy too. And he's been fighting for a long time.
That's the kind of guy, man, as your wing.
Man at a club, you know what I mean? If you're single, you got a club.
You want this.
Three time champion. You can retire. He's taking his glove off. Hey man.
That's so.
Classy by Dan. Now I love Dan. That's a great fight, man. Listen,
[inaudible].
You can't, you can't be upset. You can't.
Be upset with that decision. For sure.
If you're not watching what we're drunk and we're,
we're shouting and yelling and having a good time watching the fights,
but I'm not shocked. The Dan one. No, not at all.
And I wouldn't be shocked at Paul Felder won that fight either.
That was a fight that was about as close as you can get
Dan Hardy saying, thank you.
You know what? He's going to have an amazing broadcast. He could.
Be a concert pianist. Paul Felder could do whatever the
realistically he's already in there. You know.
What I mean? As a comedy, everybody loves him.
[inaudible] no, no, nobody talks. I'm Felder about his commentary.
What? Dan can take a punch. Yeah, no.
You can [inaudible].
To going back and forth with these guys too. It was beautiful.
The guy behind them gets, he gets knocked out by butterflies, regular basis.
That guy serious.
The guy behind him, a stiff breeze puts him in a coma.
It was for you. I can Brandon up so bad. If there's somebody who.
Looks a little bit, a little bit silly, I just look at, oh man, the guy I'll go.
Your hair looks good.
[Inaudible].